Research method category:Journal(Note: We recognize that this is high-risk research intervention, and yet we believe that the insight gained for the government, public health, and the people outweighs the substantial costs and risks associated with real-time evaluation of this type.)Specific question:       We request researchers to live with people from Phase I through a future hurricane and conduct interviews with the people that they live with, reporting the following information each day. Before the hurricane arrives, we will collect the following information in the context of an initial evaluation:   a. The demographic information of people with whom researchers live, including: Age, Number of Children, Ethnicity, Full time Job, Gender, Pets, and Religion.   b. How vulnerable does this person feel he/she against hurricane. (1-5, 1 for least and 5 for the most vulnerable)   c. Number of person’s friends.   d. How much does the person agree with the following sentence:	I should get government aid if I suffer wealth loss (only count the wealth loss caused by hurricane strike, not include the fees on evacuation and other expenses). 	(0 to 6, with 0 indicating completely disagree, and 6 indicating 100% agree).    e. I should get government aid if I or my children suffer minor/serious injury	(0 to 6, with 0 indicating completely disagree, and 6 indicating 100% agree).    f.I should get government aid if I evacuate.	(0 to 6, with 0 indicating completely disagree, and 6 indicating 100% agree).    g1. Did you ever make new friends during a previous hurricane season? (all 6 previous hurricanes)    g2. If so, list at most 3 reasons you make new friends.We want to collect the following information on each day:   0. Wealth level of this person.1. Hurricane category this person learns he/she is living through on each day? What is the source of this information? If this person learns from many sources, report the value they believe true, and each associated source.2. Hurricane location this person learns about on each day? What is the source of this information? If this person hears from many sources, report the value he/she believes true, and each associated source. 3. Regional damage level (on his/her own location) this person hears on each day? What’s the source of this information? If this person heard from many sources, report the value he/she believes true, and each associated source.4. Which region does this person know that the government gives aid to on each day? What is the source of this information? If this person hears from many sources, report the value he/she believes true, and each associated source.5. How likely does this person think he/she will get injured on each day? (0-6, with 6 indicating 100% likely, 0 indicating 0% likely. This should be asked on the morning of each day, before this person or anyone they know have the potential of actually becoming injured.)6. How likely does this person believe his/her children will be injured each day? (0-6, with 6 indicating 100% likely, 0 indicating 0% likely. It can be asked on the morning of each day, before anyone has the potential of becoming injured.)7. How likely does this person think his/her family will experience wealth loss on each day? (0-6, with 6 indicating 100% likely, 0 indicating 0% likely. It can be asked on the morning of each day, before this person has the potential to experience wealth loss.)8. How likely does this person think he/she will get into shelter on each day?(0-6, with 6 indicating 100% likely, 0 indicating 0% likely. It can be asked on the morning of each day, before this person has the potential of actually seeking residence in a/the shelter)9. Whether this person has a minor injury (not requiring hospitalization) on each day.10. Whether this person has a serious injury (requiring hospitalization) on each day.11. Whether this person’s children have minor injury (not requiring hospitalization) on each day.12. Whether this person’s children have serious injuries (requiring hospitalization) on each day.13. The dissatisfaction level of this person each day.14. The location of this person each day (evacuated, sheltered, on its own location, others(please specify))15. The “severity level” reported each day. (Corresponding to the severity level in the Pre-hurricane survey)16. The “risk level” reported each day.(Corresponding to the risk level in the Post-hurricane survey)   17(1). Does the person receive government aid on each day?   17(2). If so, what kind of aid is it (e.g. Financial aid, medical assistance, etc.) on each day.   17(3). If financial aid, how much is the aid (1 to 5 level, with 5 the highest level)on each day.   18. Is the person satisfied with government aid support decision on each day(decision on which region to send aid to, 1 to 5 level, with 5 most unsatisfied)?   19. Is the person satisfied with how the aid is distributed within their region on each day (If there is aid being distributed on this day, 1 to 5 level, with 5 most unsatisfied).   20(1). Do they receive aid from their acquaintances on each day?    20(2). If so, describe the aid (e.g. Financial aid, medical assistance, etc) on each day  20(3). If financial aid, how much is the aid (1 to 5 level, with 5 the level) on each day.  21. Do you know the policy in your own region for being qualified to get into the shelter (e.g. “People with wealth level 0 can choose to go into the shelter” or “People with wealth level 0 are forced to go into the shelter”)  22. If you move to the shelter, list at most 3 factors which motivate you to do so on the day you move to the shelter.  23. Record at most 2 news messages relating to this current hurricane (e.g. Statistics on casualties so the government sets a new policy) from social media and government public outlet on each day in the following format:Time         Description                                SourceDay 81  Government set new policy on ..(description)  Social media  24. The timestep value each day (consistent with previous time system, which means that if this research is conducted during one hurricane 3 days after hurricane Six, and assume hurricane Six ends at time 80, the beginning time of this hurricane should be 83.Sampling strategy:	We want to randomly select 8 people in region05, and send researchers to live with each of them. We recognize that this is high-risk research, and yet we believe that the insight gained for the government, public health, and the people outweighs the substantial costs and risks associated with real-time evaluation of this type.      Also keep in mind that we want researchers to start living with them at least 2 or 3 days before any hurricane lands. (We understand the prediction of hurricane landing might be wrong, so we intend to make it 3, but no later than 2). And researchers should leave their home 2 days after the hurricane has left (not 2 days after the entering a ‘leaving’ state). The report should also include at least 2 days before hurricane, the entire hurricane period, and 2 days following the hurricane.Other applicable detail:Research request identifier: TA2A-TA1C-0132-RR