Specific questions:1) When you state that the government broadcasts information, we want to clarify if it’s an area-wide broadcast or region-wide broadcast, specifically:a. We were told that the government broadcasts regional damage daily, do they do a regional broadcast (which means only telling people the regional damage in their own region), or do they do an area broadcast (which means telling people the regional damage in each region)?b. We were told that the government broadcasts hurricane categories daily, is that a regional broadcast or area broadcast? (definition is the same as above)c. We were told that the government broadcasts hurricane location daily, is that a regional broadcast or area broadcast? (definition is the same as above)d. We were told that the government broadcasts regional aid daily, is that a regional broadcast or area broadcast (definition is the same as above)2) If people are in evacuation status(out of the area), will people still receive the broadcast? Will people still exchange information with their friends? Will people still receive financial support from their acquaintances?3) If people are in hospital, will people still receive the broadcast? Will people still exchange information with their friends? Will people still receive financial support from their acquaintances?4) If people are in shelter, will people still receive the broadcast? Will people still exchange information with their friends? Will people still receive financial support from their acquaintances?5）When people report government broadcasts daily, does that mean they receive the government’s information daily, or do they just know about government broadcasts daily, but they may not check the information daily?6) Is it possible that people will get some information about regional loss/injury, the injury of their acquaintances/friends from their personal observation during the hurricane? (Not hearing back from other sources)7) In “VariableDefinitionTable0062”, we see there are 3 possible values for the hurricane-related information told by the government, which is “path, category, location”(and none for nothing)	We are curious what the difference is between path and location? For instance, I have the government provided hurricane prediction, which states the predicted location of hurricane at each future timestep. If this prediction gets broadcasted, will this be counted as “path” or “location”? Since no one reports receiving “path” information from the government, does that mean at least for these people, they never heard about the hurricane prediction provided by the government?Other applicable detail:Answer:1. Perhaps we misunderstood the request, but we did not interpret "public sources" to mean "government broadcast". Our interpretation was based on the parenthetical enumeration which included "media", "TV", and "etc.". There is no government broadcast.2. It is possible for people to get information from public sources, exchange information, and receive financial support when evacuated.3. It is possible for people to get information from public sources, exchange information, and receive financial support when in hospital.4. It is possible for people to get information from public sources, exchange information, and receive financial support when in a shelter.5. See answer to #1.6. It is possible.7. For this item, we interpreted "location" as the location of the hurricane at a single timestep and "path" as the location of the hurricane over two or more timesteps.