Specific Question:1. Variable “Number of Acquaintances” is listed in VariableDefinitionTable.tsv, but not included in TA2A-TA1C-0062-RR-R1.tsv. Could you add them?2. Since we now know that the government reports daily about hurricane category, location and regional damage, can we know the content of their report at each day? (Since it is a government broadcast, it should be easy to find records in the real world).3. For the frequency of receiving support from acquaintances and frequency for receiving information from friends, we are curious how this frequency is calculated:a. If “A” has 2 acquaintances (“B” and “C”), and they receive support from “B” weekly, and from “C” daily, is it true that frequency will also be reported as the most frequent one among all acquaintances? If not, please specify the rules on how this gets reported.b. We are told the number of acquaintances is a dynamic number. So, if “A” initially only has one acquaintance “B”, who receives support weekly and at the end of hurricane season (maybe timestep 78)it has another acquaintance “C”, who gives “A” support daily, what will be the reported frequency for receiving support for “A”?c. What if “A” initially has acquaintance “B” and receives support weekly, and later “A” is not acquaintance with “B” anymore due to some reason. How will the frequency be reported?Also does this method of frequency calculation also apply to the “receiving information from friends frequency”?	4. If the frequency is “daily”, can we be sure that they must receive information every day, and it is not an approximation of the actual frequency (e.g. If I receive information daily most of the time, but there are some days I don’t receive information, will they also report it as daily?)Other applicable detail:Answer:1. Apologies for the error. We have re-inserted the missing column.2. If you are referring to question 4 from your research request, then the item asked about "any public sources", of which there is no central record.3. The survey item used was "How often did you receive support from one of your acquaintances?"4. No, you cannot assume that the event occurs every day.