Research method category:Brief from expert observerSpecific question:We request to send a team of professional interviewers to have a sit-down meeting with staff or officials in the government across all 16 regions, and ask the following questions:1. What is the hierarchy of governing systems in this world, specifically:a) Is there a central government in this area? (a government which controls all 16 regions) If so, please describe all of its dutiesb) Is there one or several multi-region government(s) in the area? (Governments which control several, but not all regions in the area). If so, please list all multi-region governments in the area, describe the region(s) they control, and describe all duties of each government.c) Are there regional governments in this world? (Governments which only control one region). If so, please list all regional governments and which region they control. Describe all duties of each government.   2. Give us a detailed report of aid from each branch of government (as above). Include the following details:  a1) Does the government provide financial aid to regions? If so, list the time of aid, the total amount of assets you provide (with a range of 1 - 50), and to which region  a2) For financial aid to one region, how is the aid being distributed? 	i) Is all aid distributed equally to people in the region?	ii) Does the government give available financial aid to the people who applied for it? If so, what qualifies people to apply?	iii) If the government does NOT give available financial aid to those who apply for it, please describe the ways it distributes aid. If there are several ways, please list all of them, and how they choose which to use. (For example, the government has 2 ways to distribute, called A & B; Under condition C, they will choose A, else they will choose B).  a3) How does the government decide to which region it will deliver financial aid; do they:	i) Give financial aid when the total damage in region reaches a threshold? If so, what is this threshold or what is its basis (Injury? Asset Loss?)	ii) If they do not use a threshold, describe how it determines which region to give financial aid. If possible, be specific about which variable(s) relate to the decision and how.  b) Does the government provide personnel support (personnel aid) to regions? If so, list the time of aid, personnel types (e.g., skills) sent to which region, the total number of people they send, and descriptions of the missions for each types of personnel. Also when did the mission end (i.e., personnel sent are recalled), and how did they determine when and where to send those personnel.(e.g. at time 15: send 4 nurses to help treat the people in that region; 2 engineers to help reinforce the houses; all nurses and engineers come back at time 17; Send nurses only when total amount of injured people is more than 3)  c) Other type of aid not included in the a) and b), please give us:	i) A description of the properties associated with this aid, including:		What does the government do?		What is the goal for providing such aid?	ii) A list of the time step they provide aid and to which regions they provide it.   d) If only a “general aid” data is available, please give us the       following information for all aid provided by each government:       i) The time step in which aid is given?       ii) To which region is aid given?       iii) The amount of aid (range 1 - 20, with 20 the highest)       iv) How is aid distributed in the receiving region, specifically:1. Is aid distributed equally in the region?2. Is aid more likely distributed to older people? If so, describe detailed policy.3. Is aid more likely distributed to richer people or poorer people? If so, describe detailed policy.4. Is aid more likely distributed to people with jobs? If so, describe detailed policy.5. Is aid more likely distributed to injured people (or people whose family were injured)? If so, describe detailed policy.6. Is aid more likely distributed to people suffering wealth loss in the last hurricane? If so, describe detailed policy.7. Is aid distribution influenced by people’s religion? If so, describe detailed policy.8. Is aid distribution influenced by people’s gender? If so, describe detailed policy.9. Is aid distribution influenced by people’s ethnicity? If so, describe detailed policy.10. Other policies, please describe.  3.  What are the effects of government aid, answer all following questions:   i) Does government aid help to reduce the possibility of physical injury (both minor injury and severe injury) in the next hurricane? Provide more information if possible (e.g. the possibility reduces by 5% for people receiving the aid)   ii) Does government aid help reduce the possibility of asset loss in the next hurricane? Provide more information if possible (e.g. the possibility reduces by 5% for people receiving the aid)   iii) Does government aid increase the wealth level of receiving persons? Provide more information if possible (e.g. the wealth increases by 1 if receiving aid)    iv) Does government aid offer money for people to evacuate, or get into shelters, thus increasing the potential for people to evacuate? Provide more information if possible (e.g. the possibility for evacuation increases by 5% if receiving aid)    v) Other effects, please describe.  4. What is the structure of the emergency response chain of command, including:	1) All sectors/departments/institutes in the government, and descriptions of their responsibilities in response to the hurricane.	2) An event log of all departments of the government, describing at which timesteps, what did this department do, why did it do it, and what are the effects of such actions.  5. Please answer: 1. Does the government decide who is eligible for getting into a shelter?2. What is the criteria for people to get into a shelter?3. Does the government force people to get into a shelter if they meet the above criteria, or if they meet other requirements? If so, indicate the requirements.4. Do people need to spend money to get into a shelter? If so, does the amount of money they spend big enough to reduce their “wealth level”?5. Is it possible for people to get injured when in a shelter?6. Is it possible for people to experience wealth loss when in a shelter?7. Is it still possible for people to suffer “minor injury” (health suffers but doesn’t require hospitalization) in a shelter?8. Please provide us with a shelter report, recording all people who get into a shelter, including:a. The time step when people get into a shelterb. The time step when people leave shelterc. Whether this person brings pets with him to the shelterd. How many children does this person havee. What’s the gender of this personf. What’s the agent of this persong. Which region does this person come fromh. What’s the ethnicity of this person	6. If people in the world enter the hospital, will they be asked to pay money (or will the government pay for them)? If people pay money themselves, is the cost for going to the hospital large enough to reduce people’s wealth level? Sampling strategy:Interview senior staff or government officials to give us government data in all regions.Other applicable detail:Research request identifier:TA2A-TA1C-0052-RR