Research method category:SurveySpecific question:We ask sampled respondents the following questions:1. Their demographic information: 	Age,	Gender,	Ethnicity,	Number of Pets,	Number of Children,	Religion,	Wealth,	Whether Fulltime_Job	Residence   2. Their perspective on evacuation, specifically:	(Note: We have asked this question before in TA2A-TA1C-0012-RR, please make people’s answers in this RR consistent with answers in TA2A-TA1C-0012-RR, which means the answers should be generated in the same way they are generated in TA2A-TA1C-0012-RR, and data we get from this request should have the same causal impact/relationship/meaning as answers in TA2A-TA1C-0012-RR.)When would I evacuate a hurricane? (Multiple choice / multiple answer: answer “Yes” as many as are applicable:“If there is a potential threat of some property damage”; “If there is a strong threat of some property damage”; “If there is a potential threat of some widespread property damage”; “If there is a strong threat of widespread property damage”;“If there is a potential threat of some injury (“casualty”)”; “If there is a strong threat of some injury(“casualty”)”; “If there is a potential threat of widespread injury (“casualty”)”; “If there is a strong threat of widespread injury(“casualty”)”;“If there is a potential threat of some death”; “If there is a strong threat of some death”; “If there is a potential threat of widespread death”; “If there is a strong threat of widespread death”) 
3.a. During all previous 6 hurricanes, have you ever experienced a situation in which you think you should evacuate (For example, when asked in question 2, you indicate that you would evacuate if the hurricane causes a certain level of damage), but do not evacuate due to other reasons (e.g. lack of money to evacuate). 3.b. If so, in that situation why did you think that you should evacuate (e.g., ‘threat of death’), and why did you not evacuate (e.g., did not have money, or food, or injured so could not walk, etc.)?    
4. Do you think that your answers on evacuation perspectives (asked in question 2) have ever changed during the previous hurricane season? If so, please list those changes, and up to 3 reasons/factors that have influenced you to change your attitude regarding motivations to evacuate.Sampling strategy:	We want to ask everyone in region05 of Phase I world (Explain world)Other applicable detail:Research request identifier: TA2A-TA1C-0122-RR