TA2A-TA1C-0022-Question2.txt

Specific Question:

1.To our question 3: "What will you do if the hurricane comes? Describe: a.The measurements [we misspelled, or spellcheck altered, 'measures' to 'measurements'] you take to: i. anticipate each hurricane; and ii. identify when a hurricane has arrived b.The policy in your region for each hurricane, specifically: i. Who do you evacuate first? What is the basis for you to determine the priority of evacuation. ii.Do you have compensation for those who are evacuated, injured, or sheltered? If so, describe how to compensate and how much compensation is provided (as if you give higher compensation for sheltered people than injured people, etc.)" 

    a.You responded: "There are no component measurements taken to make such determinations." By this we interpret that the government is not doing anything to identify or anticipate hurricanes. Is this correct?
    b.You also responded: "There is no evacuation policy." By this we assume that governments do not have the components of an evacuation policy, including hurricane detection (as asked above), decision, alarm, reaction, movement to an area of refuge or an assembly station, or transportation. Is that correct?
    c.We received nothing in response to our query about compensation for injury. We assume that this means there is no "compensation" policy for hurricane damage or injury. Is this correct? 
    d.Do these responses mean that the government does not respond to hurricanes (e.g., leading some to believe that "The government response was [not] fair and adequate"). If this is not true, what methods can we undertake to ascertain what the government is doing in response to hurricanes?

Other applicable detail:

Answer:

1a. There is no distinction made between the government's identification/anticipation of hurricanes and the values reported in the HurricaneTable.
1b. The government is not capable of effecting an evacuation.
1c. The government is not capable of compensating the injured.
1d. The government provides assistance that can be asked about, but it does not take a specific form (hence the mismatch with the other questions about evacuation, compensation, etc.).