TA2A-TA1C-0022-Question1.txt

Specific question:
1. In PostHurricane survey, actors report whether they evacuate in previous hurricane. What is the definition of "Previous hurricane":
	E.g. If hurricane 2 starts at time 10, lands at time 14, leaves at time 20, does the previous hurricane stands for the time period of:
a.Time between the hurricane forms and the hurricane leaves.
b.Time between the hurricane Lands and the hurricane leaves.
c.Others (Please describe)
	And if agent responds to PostHurricane survey at time 22, hurricane starts at time 10, lands at time 14, leaves at time 20, and this agent only evacuates at time 21, will he responds to the "Evacuate" Column as "Yes" or "No"

2. In PostHurricane survey, does the risk level stands for 
a.Both the physical risk and property risk
b.Only the physical risk
c.Only the property risk
d.Others (Please describe)

3. In PostHurricane survey, the injured value stands for "Injured: Did you suffer any injuries during the previous hurricane?" Does that include the injured got before the hurricane came(e.g. At time 3, there is one people get injured, but that's before the first hurricane even forms. If this people response to the survey, will he report "yes" to injure after time 3?)
 
4. In PopulationTable, does the "Evacuated" number count all people(adults and children) or only adults? Does the "Sheltered" number count all people(adults and children) or only adults? Does the "Casualties" number count all people(adults and children) or only adults?

5. In RegionalTable, does the "Sheltered" number count all people(adults and children) or only adults? Does the "Casualties" number count all people(adults and children) or only adults?

Other applicable information:
This Question corresponds to initial data as well

Answer:

1. Perhaps our response to TA2A-TA1C-0012-Question1.txt was unclear, but the question should read "previous hurricanes", so the actors respond based on whether they evacuated at any time during the simulation.

2. The survey item was intended to be ambiguous as to interpretation, but the actors interpret it as (b).

3. Again, actors respond in the positive if they are injured at any time during the simulation.

4. The counts are of households, so only adults for all.

5. Same as #4.