 Specific Question:1. We were given a damage report in response to TA2A-TA1C-0042-RR, please tell us what the criteria is for assigning damage level 1-5. (e.g. If the total wealth decrease in a given region for one hurricane is 0 - 3, damage level is 1, if 4-9, damage level is 2, etc.)2. We were told that the hurricane table should be the answer for our question 5 related to TA2A-TA1C-0042-RR, but we think it’s different. What we expect to see is the wind speed, precipitation prediction for each timestep of the hurricane, like the given prediction table describing hurricane movement, we expect to see (prediction conducted at T4, hurricane land at R1, category 4, at T5, at R2, category 4, … (until it leaves)). If wind speed, precipitation is not available, can you give us a predicted category for hurricanes at all timesteps?  3. We know now there are three types of identities in the social networks: family/friends/acquaintances. Are these all the identities that exist in the world? If not, what other identities exist in the world?4. In response to TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR, we were told that people will spend money on evacuation, is the amount of money sufficient enough to reduce the wealth level of people? (e.g. excluding the wealth decrease caused by hurricane, is it possible that people’s wealth level will decrease just because people evacuate  many times?)5. To our question 7 in TA2A-TA1C-0042, we are given a damage table (since our question 7 is all about asset loss, we assume the damage table only relies on the asset loss). We were told the total asset loss in region 06 is 3 for hurricane 5. But in TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR, all people in region 06 report no wealth loss in the entire hurricane season. What’s the reason for that? (If the damage table is not the only asset loss, how can we explain the contradiction described in TA2A-TA1C-0042-Question1, question 4? If people report “Most damaging hurricane” in TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR based only on the category, that’s not the question we want to ask. We want to know what’s the most damaging hurricane based on people’s observed injury/asset loss in the region and people he/she is close to, not the category. Could you provide us the answers to this question, with an explanation on what the basis of the answers for people to report “Most damaging hurricane”; If there exists another type of asset damage besides individual wealth loss(like public property), please describe all kinds of asset damage that exist in the world.6. We were given the hurricane prediction table in TA2A-TA1C- 0042-RR, we want to know whether all people living in the area know about the prediction instantly after the date it is generated? If not, could you please describe how this prediction is publicized and what are the possible ways for people to get such information?Answer:1. This is not a directly answerable question.2. There are no predictions of wind speed or precipitation. The category is predicted to stay the same.3. This is not a directly answerable question.4. It is possible.5. There was a net asset loss during hurricane 5. There was no net asset loss over the entire season. We're not sure what the contradiction is. 6. This is not a directly answerable question.