TA2A-TA1C-0042-Question1.txt(corresponds to TA2A-TA1C-0042, and a little to 0032)Specific Questions:1. When we asked for the information regarding the hospitals, we were told that these data were not available. Does this mean that there are no hospital numbers in each region, hospital employee numbers in each region, other facilities in each region? If there are such numbers, is there any way we can get access to that (Ask whom, how to ask), or is this information we are not supposed to get access to?2. We have the same question about the answers we get when asking about weather reports. Does the government have no weather report information and records about the wind speed, precipitation and related information, or is it the case that the government does not want to reveal this information to us?3. The hurricane movement report in TA2A-TA1C-0042-RR, is it all the hurricane movement prediction the government has? Can we be sure that it is also the only hurricane movement prediction which the public can get access to?4. In question 7 of TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR, we were given the overall damage caused in each region for each hurricane. According to the answers to TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR, for region 6, the overall damage for hurricane 1 is 2, and for hurricane 3 is 1. But in the answers to TA2A-TA1C-0042-RR (variable Most Damaging Hurricane), all people in region 6 reported the most damaging hurricane as hurricane 3(whose damage level is 1 in government report), instead of hurricane 1(whose damage level is 2 in government report). Could you explain the reasons for the contradiction? Also, what is the basis for the overall damage in the government report, and the basis for the reported damage in the survey?Other applicable information:In a real-world interview, we would expect the government to tell us either that there is no such data, or that they have the data but they cannot reveal it to us. Answer:1. There is no breakdown of specific hospital information in the simulation, so the former.2. The former.3. Yes to the first question, no to the second.4. The responses were given by different people who may have different perceptions of what constitutes "damage" (i.e., private citizens for RR 32 and government assessment for RR 42).