# Research method category #Interview# Specific question #We randomly select people from the Phase I/Explain world and conduct interviews with them.1. Did you receive aid from the government during the previous hurricanes (hurricane 1 to 6)?	If so, tell us about your experience receiving aid, in the following format: 			For each aid received, list        i)Timestep (If you cannot recall things accurately, give us an estimation as accurate as possible, e.g. One day between Day 10 and Day 12 (both inclusive)).ii)Description of the property (What kind of aid)  iii)Description of the impact (How does it help you)			iv) Why do you think the government sends aid to your        region this time?			v) Why do you think government sends aid to you this        Time?* We hope to ask for all such experiences; if not possible, please list at most 8 such experiences.   2. Is there anytime during the previous 6 hurricanes that you thought that the government should send aid to you? (Regardless of whether government actually sent aid to you or not)	If so, please answer:	List all such experience in the following format:		i) Timestep,(If you cannot recall things so accurately, give us an estimation as accurate as possible, e.g. One day between Day 10 and Day 12 (both inclusive)).		ii) Why do you think government should send you aid (e.g. my children incurred minor injuries; I got a serious injury; my family evacuated; for (minor)injuries or wealth loss; please also list the severity level on a 1-5 scale, with 5 for the most serious case; If there are several reasons you think you should receive aid, please list them all)		iii) Did the government give you aid for your experience? If yes, on which day did you receive aid (or an estimation of the days you received aid)		iv) Did your dissatisfaction level change because of this experience and government’s response? If so, indicate the level of increase (From -5 to 5, with 5 the highest increase, -5, the highest decrease, and 0 no change).       * We hope we can gather respondents’ complete experiences; if not, please list at most 8 such experiences.      3. Is there any time during the previous 6 hurricanes that you thought that the government sent aid in an unfair way. 	If so, please list:		i) The timestep of that ‘unfair aid’ being sent (Or an estimation of the time)		ii) Which region was that aid sent to?		iii) Which region do you think that aid should have been sent to?		iv) Description of the reasons you think the government should send aid to the region you believe if the government was doing things in a fair way.       * We hope we can obtain complete experiences; if not, please list at most 8 such experiences.   4. Describe in as detailed a way as possible regarding the government’s policy on how they determine which region to which they sent aid and how aid is distributed among people in the region.   5. If you feel you need aid, how can you tell the government about your need? (E.g. Did you give the government a phone call, find government officers, etc). Is it possible that the ways you communicate with the government will be cut off sometime during the first through sixth hurricanes; if so, list the reasons for that cutoff.   6. We see that the government sends aid to Region02 a lot; why do you think that the government consistently sends aid to Region02 (Even before the first hurricane comes)?   7. We see that the government sends aid to Region06 a lot; why do you think that the government consistently sends aid to Region06?    8. We see that government sends aid to Region11 a lot; why do you think that the government always send aid to Region11? # Sampling strategy #      We want to randomly collect people in Phase I world across all regions, except for Region12. 	We want 75% percent of our samples to have received government aid at least once, and 25% percent of our samples never received government aid. (Because we know we can get either 16 people or 8 people participating in the interview, it would be 12 people receiving aid for 16 people, or 6 people receiving aid for 8 people). If this requirement cannot be satisfied, please tell us the reason why it cannot, and we will modify the sampling strategy as quickly as possible and send back again!# Other applicable detail ## Research request identifier # TA2A-TA1C-0152-RR 	