

TA2A-TA1C-0012-Question1.txt

Specific question:
We ask for the clarification of survey definition

1. What does the ‘Injured’ column mean in Post hurricane survey
If one report injured to be ‘yes’ in post hurricane 4 survey, does that mean that it gets injured in hurricane 4, or does that mean it gets injured before/in hurricane 4(which means 1,2,3,4)

2. What does the ‘Injured’ column mean in Pre hurricane survey
If one report injured to be ‘yes’ in pre hurricane 4 survey, does that mean that it gets injured in hurricane 3, or does that mean it gets injured before/in hurricane 3(which means 1,2,3)

3. What does ‘Casualties’ mean in RegionalTable
If casualties is 1 at time(day) 10, does that mean we have 1 person get injured on day 10, or we have one people seeking hospitalization on day 10(which means they can be injured before day 10)

4. What does ‘Casualties’ mean in PopulationTable
If casualties is 1 at time(day) 10, does that mean we have 1 person get injured on day 10, or we have one people seeking hospitalization on day 10(which means they can be injured before day 10)

Other applicable detail:
We find some strange facts that we cannot explain:
Why one always reports injured to be ‘yes’ in all later hurricane after it firstly get injured in one hurricane
Two different people report Injured to be ‘yes’ in post hurricane 4 survey, but regional table shows only 1 people get injured in region 9 during hurricane 4

Answer:

1. The latter. It would mean that the participant was in an injured state at some point during one of the hurricanes this season (1-4). The challenge description survey questions for the post-hurricane survey (5.d.i-v) should say "previous hurricanes", not just "previous hurricane".
2. There should be no "Injured" column in the Pre hurricane survey.
3. It means we have 1 person who is known to be in an injured state on day 10.
4. It means we have 1 person who is known to be in an injured state on day 10.

Other applicable detail:

The answer to Question #1 should clarify these observations.