Specific question:1) Since in response TA2A-TA1C-0062-RR-R1, we were told about whether the variables are dynamic or not, we wondered if we are able to access this property for some other variables in our previous requests:i) In 0012, we ask people to answer whether they will evacuate under the following 10 conditions: a. Evacuate: If there is a potential threat of some property damage b. Evacuate: If there is a strong threat of some property damage c. … (omit the remaining questions)We want to know if the answers to those questions will change during the hurricane season?     ii) We were told the total number of acquaintances (including friends) can change. Previously we have asked the number of both friends and acquaintances(not including friends) each. So we want to know:a. Is it possible that the number of friends can change during the hurricane season?b. Is it possible that the number of acquaintances can change during the hurricane season?c. Is it possible that the number of families can change during the hurricane season?2) Do people do any kind of protective reinforcement to their house before the hurricane, or store food/water for the hurricane?(Or is there a value called house reinforcement level or preparation level in the world?) If so, can we directly asking people about this value?3) In initial data, we have a population table, which describes the total number of evacuation, injury, shelter at each time step in the area; and regional table, which describes the total number of injury, shelter at each time step in each region. We want to know who collects this data, is it the government or other professional research team? Does the government have access to that data(or part of it, if it’s part of it, please specify) Do people in the world have access to it or do some of the people in the world have access to it?(If so, can we directly ask who can access it?)4) We are told that government regional damage is not based on wealth net loss, but they didn’t tell us what the basis of government regional damage is. Since it is strange to provide statistics with only the number, without describing how this value is generated at all, can we at least know is it related to (Any of a, b, c)a. Total number of evacuated people in the regionb. Total number of injured people in the regionc. Overall dissatisfaction in the region	Or does that also relate to any other variables which have not been directly shown to us? (We don’t need a detailed explanation on how those values are calculated, we just want to know if there is something we don’t know that will affect the regional damage level)5) We are given a regional damage table, we want to know the time when regional damage level is collected (e.g. If hurricane A forms in the sea at time 1, lands at time 6, leaves at time 16, when will regional damage level for hurricane A be collected), and is the damage for all regions collected on the same day?Other applicable detail:Answer:1. Whether a variable changes or not is not directly answerable.2. No.3. It is collected by a separate entity. Questions about who has access are not directly answerable.4. The damage assessment is not based on people's behavior or attitudes.5. It is an assessment of the worst damage done to the region, so it may be done on different days for different regions.