Specific Question:1. For people who have a full time job, is it possible to do an interview with officers in their companies or organizations, and learn about what kind of policy their company has in response to the hurricanes (like organizing evacuations, aid, etc), or does any aid, help, action, measures from people’s companies exist in this world?2. Does any kind of social support exist in this world? (e.g. people get help from their acquaintances/friends in response to the hurricane). If so, can we find several people in the world, and ask them their relationship with each other: acquaintances/friends/others (if they exist), and what did they do(and when) to help/communicate with each other in the hurricane?3. Can we find a group of people actually living in the world, and make them experience one or two “simulated hurricanes” created by us? We will collect their demographic information and social network before the experiment, and everyone in the experiment will keep their identity and social network just as in the real world. We will tell them the timestep, hurricane category, what damage the hurricane caused, etc., and record their actions in each time step.       We want to know if such an experiment is possible, and if we missed some variables in the simulated hurricane(Since we are not sure if we know everything happening in the world). How will the agent react?4. Can we ask TA1 to find specific individuals in the world (We will provide demographic information for the people which we are sure about based on the data, i.e. there is only one person that satisfies it.) Also, might we ask them questions like (At time 55(pre hurricane), your response to the severity level in our survey is lower than most of the others, what is the reason for you to give a lower estimation for the severity?)Answer:1. No.2. Yes, such questions are answerable via a research request.3. Yes, you can create a "laboratory hurricane", run some people through it, and then survey them. We cannot say a priori how the people will treat conditions that you do not specify.4. No, sampling can use a single demographic dimension (like region) to select, but identifying specific individuals is not allowed. You could use a broader instrument with some conditional questions along the lines of your example, using thresholds that you have identified from previous data.