1. Is there any kind of social status for people in the simulation? (e.g. some people are high-level government officials, aristocrats, etc)2. If we want to know why the government gives region 02 so much aid, can we:	i) Directly ask government officials for the reason? If we do so, will they give us the correct answer?	ii) Directly ask people in region02 for the reason? If we do so, will they give us the correct answer?3. We were told we can keep the time going and add instruments to get data in future hurricanes. Can we send our researchers to live with someone in the real world for a period of time (e.g. share a house with this person)? Our researchers will record this person’s actions/state/location at each time step(e.g. If this individual gets injured/a child gets injured/their family goes through evacuation/their family suffers wealth loss, etc). In each day, our researches will talk to this individual about how risky he/she thinks the previous hurricane is? How dissatisfied he/she is with the government? Finally, the researcher will write down the risk/dissatisfaction level of this person based on their conversations each day).Researchers are asked to always be at the same location as the person he/she lives with.(e.g. If the person evacuates, the researcher will evacuate will him/her; If the person moves to a shelter, the researcher will go to shelter will him/her). All movement for researchers are funded by us, so researchers’ actions won’t affect this individual’s decisions.If we are allowed to do so, how many researchers can we afford to send at the same time during future hurricanes(each researcher will live with one adult/family in the world)? How long can they live together and keep daily reports for this individual’s perspective, actions and locations.4. Does the location of “hospital” in the world exist in the simulation? (Since we now know the location of the shelter is in region11, we wonder if we can access the location of hospital). Also, are we allowed to know that information?5. If we let the time go, can we send researchers in the shelter during future hurricanes, and record demographic information of  people entering the shelter in the future, the time they enter and the time they leave? (We would also record the wealth level when entering the shelter, and the wealth level when leaving; whether their friends/acquaintances/families(we will also record the demographic information of the people who sent them the aid) come to provide them with aid in shelter, or whether they receive aid from the government in the shelter). 6. Is there a variable which describes how well prepared the individuals are in response to the hurricane (e.g. How much they strengthen their houses, how much food they stock before the hurricane) in the simulation? And is there is variable which describes how well the region is prepared for the hurricane? If so, can we directly ask individuals/the government about values of those two variables?7. Is there an event log kept by the government/media/organization in the world which captures all major social/natural events in the world? If so, who might we ask to access that information, and can we directly request this information?8. Is there a variable that corresponds to the severity of damage in  the shelter? If so, can we ask the government for that report?9. Can we have an online survey in the area? By saying online survey, we won’t expect to have demographic information of the respondents(or only a little demographic information such as where they live, gender and age). We won’t specify which people can participate in the survey. The questions can be similar to the on-site survey.	If we conduct an online survey like that, can you give us an estimation about how many people might participate in such a survey? (In this case, we would consider whether to conduct an on-site or online survey)Answer:1) No2i) No.2ii) No.3) Yes, you can afford to embed researchers in 8 households.4) No.5) Yes.6) You can ask individuals about such variables.7) No.8) You can ask individuals about such a variables.9) ~10% of the population.