TA2A-TA1C-0032-Question1.txt 

Specific Questions:
1. Which time step is data TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR collected? (Is it timestep 82?)

2. For the answer to question 5, you provided government 1-5. Does that mean respondents see 5 different things that the government does, or is it that they see actions from 5 different governments (or government agencies)?

3. For the answers to question 16 and 17, if one person gets injured 2 times during the hurricane season, will it be counted as 2 injured or one?

4. For the column # Outside Acquaintances, does that only include adults, or adults and children?

5. For the column Friends (the number of close friends), does it only include adults, or adults and children?

6. I want to distinguish between the words "Acquaintances", "friends" and "family"
a.Does a family member also count as a friend?
b.Does a family member count as an acquaintance?
c.Does a friend also count as family?
d.Does a friend also count as an acquaintance?

7. In columns 
Problem 1   Problem 2   Problem 3
Some people report "My wealth suffered". Does that only refer to the hurricane directly causing damage to their assets, or does that also include that they spent money on evacuation? (In other words, if the hurricane doesn't directly cause damage, but they spent money on evacuation and wealth decreases, will they report "My wealth suffered" ?)

8. In columns 
Problem 1   Problem 2   Problem 3
And 
Government 1   Government 2   Government 3   Government 4   Government 5
Do respondents give their answer based on some order? Or is the order is randomly determined? 

9. In the response 0032, we see someone reported 0 "family injury" with the answer 0 (and we specifically said family injury should include if the injury happened to this person him/herself), but they also report they think the hurricane is risky because "My health suffered". So, if the answers to both questions are correct, I want to know that by stating "My health suffered" do they mean they are at risk of being injured (exposed to danger) Or do they mean that actual physical damage has already been caused (even if it doesn't require hospitalization), or both will be counted as "My health suffered".

10. In data TA2A-TA1C-0012, we were told the total number of acquaintances of several persons. Are the outside acquaintances included in the previous acquaintances? (e.g., If total acquaintance number is 7 and outside acquaintance number is 2, does that mean 2 of 7 acquaintances are from other regions, and 5 of them are in the same region as the individual?)

11. For column "People at Shelter", if the answer is NA, does that mean:
a. This person never went to the shelter
b. This person never went to shelter, or this person never saw people in the shelter.

12. In the given data, the number of close friends is exactly the same as outside acquaintances. Does that mean that all "close friends" are actually "outside acquaintances"?

Other applicable Information:
The question corresponds mainly to TA2A-TA1C-0032-RR, and refers to TA2A-TA1C-0012-RR only in the context of question 10.

Answer:

1. Yes, the data are collected on day 82.
2. It means that we confused the "at most 3" with the question number "5" and had the participants give at most 5 things they saw the government do.
3. It will be counted as only a single person who got injured.
4. Only adults.
5. Only adults.
6a. No
6b. No
6c. No
6d. Yes
7. That's not a question we can answer directly.
8. They give answers starting with #1 and then continue until there are no slots available or they have no more answers to give.
9. They feel that their health suffered, but they don't feel that they suffered an injury.
10. Yes, that is a correct interpretation.
11. It means (a). If (b) is the case, the response would be 0.
12. Yes, that would be a correct interpretation.