1. In the population table of initial data, we have the casualties in each timestep, does that account for only the adults or also the children? The same question also applies to ‘Casualties’ in RegionalTable.2. Can we be sure that ‘Casualties’, ‘Death’ in RegionalTable and population table are a true reflection of the actual number? (No cases where the government tries to hide the death toll in the world,or inaccurate data due to errors in collection)3. We are given the wealth value ranging from 1 to 5. Is it possible that even with the same level of wealth, people still have different “exact wealth”(e.g. the wealth for agent A is 5.0, wealth for agent B is 4.5, both of them round up to wealth level 5, but actually their wealth is still different)	Can this difference (the level of 1 to 5 is the same, but the exact number is different) also happen to	i) Post hurricane Risk(In initial survey data)	ii) Dissatisfaction(In initial survey data)	iii) Regional damage(In 0042, TA2A-TA1C-0042Damage.tsv)	iv) Hurricane category(In initial hurricane table)	v)  Severity (Pre hurricane, in initial survey data)4. We see in the “Population Table” that there is one Casualty in timestep 3, which is before the first hurricane forms. Does this mean that people will get injured even without a hurricane? If people get injured in that way, will people still report “Injury” to be 1 when answering to Post hurricane survey (If that’s the only hurricane one person suffers).5. In “Hurricane table”, when the hurricane has not landed, does that mean they have no actual impact to the regions at that time(no damage caused directly by a hurricane at that time), or do hurricanes still have impact, it’s just the center is at sea? 6. When the hurricane is “leaving” in “Hurricane table”, is it possible that the hurricane can still cause direct damage to the region?7. After a hurricane has left, is it possible that it can still cause direct damage to the region? (e.g. There is landfall after a hurricane has left, which causes damage).